README.md, before:

# A360API 🚀

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-3776AB.svg?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.115.0-009688.svg?logo=fastapi)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Under%20Development-orange)](https://github.com/abirxdhack/A360API)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Maintained by](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%20by-@abirxdhack-blue)](https://t.me/abirxdhack)

**A360API** is an open-source, asynchronous Python API built with **FastAPI**, a modern and high-performance web framework. This project combines custom-built libraries with popular ones to deliver a powerful toolkit for developers. Currently under active development, A360API is not yet fully functional but is being crafted with passion by **Abir Arafat Chawdhury (@abirxdhack)** to provide a versatile set of tools for various applications.

> **Note**: This project is in active development. Features and endpoints are being added and refined. Stay tuned for updates via our [Telegram channel](https://t.me/TheSmartDev)!

## 📖 Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [License](#license)

## 🌟 Overview

A360API is designed to be a developer-friendly, modular API toolkit that leverages the power of **FastAPI** for asynchronous performance. Built with a combination of custom libraries (e.g., `smartfaker`, `smartbindb`) and popular ones (e.g., `requests`, `aiohttp`, `googletrans`), it aims to simplify tasks such as media downloading, data scraping, translation, and more. The project is maintained by **@abirxdhack**, a visionary coder dedicated to creating innovative solutions.

While still in development, A360API is poised to become a go-to resource for developers building bots, web applications, or other projects requiring robust API functionalities.

## ✨ Features

- **Asynchronous Performance**: Built with FastAPI for high-speed, non-blocking API requests.
- **Modular Architecture**: Plugins (`ccgen.py`, `fake.py`, etc.) allow easy extension and maintenance.
- **Diverse Toolset**: Supports media downloading, translation, coupon scraping, P2P trading, and more (to be implemented).
- **Open-Source**: Fully open-source with contributions welcome via GitHub.
- **Developer-Friendly**: Comprehensive documentation and example requests for easy integration.
- **Active Development**: Regular updates and new features being added by @abirxdhack.

## 🛠️ Installation

To set up A360API locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/abirxdhack/A360API.git
   cd A360API
   ```

2. **Create a Virtual Environment**:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:
   Ensure you have Python 3.8+ installed. Then, install the required packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the API**:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

   The API will start at `http://localhost:8000` (or your configured host/port, e.g., `http://192.168.16.100:8000`).

5. **Access the Documentation**:
   Visit `http://localhost:8000/` to view the interactive API documentation.

## 🚀 Usage

Once the server is running, you can interact with A360API endpoints using tools like `curl`, Postman, or your preferred HTTP client. The API is hosted at `http://192.168.16.100:8000` (update based on your deployment).

Example request to test an endpoint (once implemented):
```bash
curl -X GET "http://192.168.16.100:8000/tr?text=Hello&lang=es"
```

Response:
```json
{
  "translated_text": "Hola",
  "api_owner": "@ISmartCoder",
  "api_updates": "t.me/TheSmartDev"
}
```

## 📚 API Endpoints

> **Note**: A360API is under active development, and endpoints are being added. The following list reflects planned endpoints, some of which may not be fully functional yet. Check back for updates!

| Endpoint | Method | Description | Status |
|----------|--------|-------------|--------|
| `/ccgen?bin={bin}&month={month}&year={year}&cvv={cvv}&amount={amount}` | GET | Generates credit card numbers based on a BIN. | Planned |
| `/fake/address?code={countryCode}&amount={amount}` | GET | Generates fake addresses for a country. | Planned |
| `/fake/countries` | GET | Lists supported countries for fake addresses. | Planned |
| `/bindb/bin?num={bin}&country={code}&bank={bank}&amount={amount}` | GET | Retrieves BIN information or searches by country/bank. | Planned |
| `/pypi?query={packageName}` | GET | Retrieves PyPI package information. | Planned |
| `/git/user?username={username}` | GET | Lists public GitHub repositories for a user. | Planned |
| `/country?name={countryName}` | GET | Retrieves country information. | Planned |
| `/eng/gmr?content={sentence}` | GET | Checks and corrects grammar in a sentence. | Planned |
| `/eng/spl?word={word}` | GET | Checks and corrects spelling of a word. | Planned |
| `/eng/prn?word={word}` | GET | Retrieves pronunciation details for a word. | Planned |
| `/eng/syn?word={word}` | GET | Retrieves synonyms for a word. | Planned |
| `/eng/ant?word={word}` | GET | Retrieves antonyms for a word. | Planned |
| `/p2p?asset={asset}&pay_type={fiat}&pay_method={method}&trade_type={type}&limit={limit}&sort_by={sort}&order={order}&min_completion_rate={rate}&min_orders={orders}&online_only={bool}` | GET | Fetches Binance P2P trading data. | Planned |
| `/p2p/methods` | GET | Lists payment methods for P2P trading. | Planned |
| `/p2p/currencies` | GET | Lists supported cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies. | Planned |
| `/yt/dl?url={youtubeUrl}` | GET | Fetches YouTube video details and download link. | Planned |
| `/yt/search?query={searchTerm}` | GET | Searches for YouTube videos. | Planned |
| `/fb/dl?url={facebookUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Facebook videos. | Planned |
| `/cpn?site={storeSlug}` | GET | Scrapes coupon codes from Dealspotr. | Planned |
| `/thrd/dl?url={threadsUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Threads videos. | Planned |
| `/pnt/dl?url={pinterestUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Pinterest media. | Planned |
| `/insta/dl?url={instagramUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Instagram media. | Planned |
| `/tr?text={text}&lang={languageCode}` | GET | Translates text to a specified language. | Planned |

**Detailed Documentation**: Once endpoints are implemented, full documentation with parameters, example requests, and responses will be available at `http://192.168.16.100:8000/`.

## 🤝 Contributing

A360API is open-source, and we welcome contributions from the community! To contribute:

1. **Fork the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git fork https://github.com/abirxdhack/A360API.git
   ```

2. **Create a Branch**:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature
   ```

3. **Make Changes**: Add new endpoints, improve existing ones, or fix bugs.

4. **Submit a Pull Request**: Push your changes and create a PR on GitHub. Ensure your code follows the project's style and includes tests.

5. **Contact**: Reach out to [@abirxdhack](https://t.me/abirxdhack) on Telegram for questions or to discuss your contribution.

Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) (to be added) for more details.

## 📬 Contact

- **Developer**: Abir Arafat Chawdhury (@abirxdhack)
- **Telegram**: [t.me/abirxdhack](https://t.me/abirxdhack)
- **Updates Channel**: [t.me/TheSmartDev](https://t.me/TheSmartDev)
- **GitHub**: [github.com/abirxdhack](https://github.com/abirxdhack)
- **Email**: abrixdhackz.info.me@gmail.com

For issues, feature requests, or feedback, open an issue on GitHub or contact @abirxdhack on Telegram.

## 📜 License

A360API is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the license terms.

---

**Built with ❤️ by @abirxdhack**

© 2025 A360API. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Revise developer details and contact links
Updated developer and contact information in README.md.

README.md, after:

# A360API 🚀

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-3776AB.svg?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org/)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.115.0-009688.svg?logo=fastapi)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Under%20Development-orange)](https://github.com/abirxdhack/A360API)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Maintained by](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%20by-@abirxdhack-blue)](https://t.me/abirxdhack)

**A360API** is an open-source, asynchronous Python API built with **FastAPI**, a modern and high-performance web framework. This project combines custom-built libraries with popular ones to deliver a powerful toolkit for developers. Currently under active development, A360API is not yet fully functional but is being crafted with passion by **Abir Arafat Chawdhury (@saifulmn)** to provide a versatile set of tools for various applications.

> **Note**: This project is in active development. Features and endpoints are being added and refined. Stay tuned for updates via our [Telegram channel](https://t.me/saifulmn)!

## 📖 Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [License](#license)

## 🌟 Overview

A360API is designed to be a developer-friendly, modular API toolkit that leverages the power of **FastAPI** for asynchronous performance. Built with a combination of custom libraries (e.g., `smartfaker`, `smartbindb`) and popular ones (e.g., `requests`, `aiohttp`, `googletrans`), it aims to simplify tasks such as media downloading, data scraping, translation, and more. The project is maintained by **@abirxdhack**, a visionary coder dedicated to creating innovative solutions.

While still in development, A360API is poised to become a go-to resource for developers building bots, web applications, or other projects requiring robust API functionalities.

## ✨ Features

- **Asynchronous Performance**: Built with FastAPI for high-speed, non-blocking API requests.
- **Modular Architecture**: Plugins (`ccgen.py`, `fake.py`, etc.) allow easy extension and maintenance.
- **Diverse Toolset**: Supports media downloading, translation, coupon scraping, P2P trading, and more (to be implemented).
- **Open-Source**: Fully open-source with contributions welcome via GitHub.
- **Developer-Friendly**: Comprehensive documentation and example requests for easy integration.
- **Active Development**: Regular updates and new features being added by @abirxdhack.

## 🛠️ Installation

To set up A360API locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/abirxdhack/A360API.git
   cd A360API
   ```

2. **Create a Virtual Environment**:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:
   Ensure you have Python 3.8+ installed. Then, install the required packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the API**:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

   The API will start at `http://localhost:8000` (or your configured host/port, e.g., `http://192.168.16.100:8000`).

5. **Access the Documentation**:
   Visit `http://localhost:8000/` to view the interactive API documentation.

## 🚀 Usage

Once the server is running, you can interact with A360API endpoints using tools like `curl`, Postman, or your preferred HTTP client. The API is hosted at `http://192.168.16.100:8000` (update based on your deployment).

Example request to test an endpoint (once implemented):
```bash
curl -X GET "http://192.168.16.100:8000/tr?text=Hello&lang=es"
```

Response:
```json
{
  "translated_text": "Hola",
  "api_owner": "@ISmartCoder",
  "api_updates": "t.me/TheSmartDev"
}
```

## 📚 API Endpoints

> **Note**: A360API is under active development, and endpoints are being added. The following list reflects planned endpoints, some of which may not be fully functional yet. Check back for updates!

| Endpoint | Method | Description | Status |
|----------|--------|-------------|--------|
| `/ccgen?bin={bin}&month={month}&year={year}&cvv={cvv}&amount={amount}` | GET | Generates credit card numbers based on a BIN. | Planned |
| `/fake/address?code={countryCode}&amount={amount}` | GET | Generates fake addresses for a country. | Planned |
| `/fake/countries` | GET | Lists supported countries for fake addresses. | Planned |
| `/bindb/bin?num={bin}&country={code}&bank={bank}&amount={amount}` | GET | Retrieves BIN information or searches by country/bank. | Planned |
| `/pypi?query={packageName}` | GET | Retrieves PyPI package information. | Planned |
| `/git/user?username={username}` | GET | Lists public GitHub repositories for a user. | Planned |
| `/country?name={countryName}` | GET | Retrieves country information. | Planned |
| `/eng/gmr?content={sentence}` | GET | Checks and corrects grammar in a sentence. | Planned |
| `/eng/spl?word={word}` | GET | Checks and corrects spelling of a word. | Planned |
| `/eng/prn?word={word}` | GET | Retrieves pronunciation details for a word. | Planned |
| `/eng/syn?word={word}` | GET | Retrieves synonyms for a word. | Planned |
| `/eng/ant?word={word}` | GET | Retrieves antonyms for a word. | Planned |
| `/p2p?asset={asset}&pay_type={fiat}&pay_method={method}&trade_type={type}&limit={limit}&sort_by={sort}&order={order}&min_completion_rate={rate}&min_orders={orders}&online_only={bool}` | GET | Fetches Binance P2P trading data. | Planned |
| `/p2p/methods` | GET | Lists payment methods for P2P trading. | Planned |
| `/p2p/currencies` | GET | Lists supported cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies. | Planned |
| `/yt/dl?url={youtubeUrl}` | GET | Fetches YouTube video details and download link. | Planned |
| `/yt/search?query={searchTerm}` | GET | Searches for YouTube videos. | Planned |
| `/fb/dl?url={facebookUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Facebook videos. | Planned |
| `/cpn?site={storeSlug}` | GET | Scrapes coupon codes from Dealspotr. | Planned |
| `/thrd/dl?url={threadsUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Threads videos. | Planned |
| `/pnt/dl?url={pinterestUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Pinterest media. | Planned |
| `/insta/dl?url={instagramUrl}` | GET | Fetches download links for Instagram media. | Planned |
| `/tr?text={text}&lang={languageCode}` | GET | Translates text to a specified language. | Planned |

**Detailed Documentation**: Once endpoints are implemented, full documentation with parameters, example requests, and responses will be available at `http://192.168.16.100:8000/`.

## 🤝 Contributing

A360API is open-source, and we welcome contributions from the community! To contribute:

1. **Fork the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git fork https://github.com/abirxdhack/A360API.git
   ```

2. **Create a Branch**:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature
   ```

3. **Make Changes**: Add new endpoints, improve existing ones, or fix bugs.

4. **Submit a Pull Request**: Push your changes and create a PR on GitHub. Ensure your code follows the project's style and includes tests.

5. **Contactt*((https://t.me/saifulmn( on Telegram for questions or to discuss your contribution.

Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) (to be added) for more details.

## 📬 Contact

--*Developerr*: Saiful Islam Sarkar--**Telegram***:[t.me/abirxdhackk((https://t.me/saifulmn()-- **Updates Channel**: [t.me/saifulmn((https://t.me/saifulmn)-- **GitHub**:[[github.com/daiful167]github.com/saifulmn]https://g)-- **Email**: saifulsajedul@gmail.com
For issues, feature requests, or feedback, open an issue on GitHub or contact @abirxdhack on Telegram.

## 📜 License

A360API is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the license terms.

---

**Built with ❤️ by @saifulmn*

© 2025 A360API. All rights reserved.
